I suck at sleeping how can I suck at
something I do every night there's more
practice do I need I took a sleeping
pill once all it did was slow down the
nightmare now I'm being chased in slow
motion same guys been chasing me for 15
years finally caught me and he didn't
kill me cuz I fell asleep he spooned me
against my will
I love nightmares I love I would much
rather have a nightmare than a dream yes
you have a nightmare they you know you
wake up you're scared for a second like
oh I'm not being chased I have my arms
and legs this is great I love my life
give a dream you're on the boat in the
Caribbean with five hot chicks you wake
up like this
shut
I was on a boat five minutes ago with
five white shit now I'm on a mattress
that needed to be replaced five years
ago thanks night brain
dreams are cruel dreams alike here's who
you want to be wake up and here's who
you are one night this girl said to me
you'll like the story she owes this will
help you sleep I got what she owes let's
have some of this phone sex
guys love phone sex a lot of the times
girls don't even know we're having
they just think they're really good
listeners so I said what's the scenario
so she goes flying to meet me and it's
great
nobody's at the airport so I lead to the
gate and I'm wearing a short skimpy
little skirt with no panties on and I
take into the bathroom
can we go into the handicap stall cuz
it's more wrong push you down i can see
howard city or through your pants i'ma
rip your pants down and you try and
touch my breasts and I go no she's very
controlling I step back at eight sexy
dancing you're getting more more more
more laughs I can't take it anymore so I
pull up my skirt and I get on top of you
now going up and down and up and down
and faster and faster and faster just
I'm gonna explode it you ready and I
said I gotta be honest with you I can't
relax thinking about my luggage going
around that carousel
somebody's gonna steal that luggage now
let's go get the luggage and do this in
the parking lot like normal people
taking me in that disgusting bathroom
we'd report the toilet seat cover thing
down enough are you on the pill we
didn't know we've been safe I don't want
any fat kids are you